EDU-18488 - Migration from Store Framework to FastStore (#2805)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/getting-started/store-framework-to-faststore.mdx

2. Navigate to the **Settings** tab.
3. In the **Production domain** card, select your production domain from the dropdown list under the **Host** section.
4. Click `Add`.

    ![adding-host-webops](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/docs/faststore/docs/go-live/adding-host-webops.png)

> ℹ️ Adding the domain doesn't change your live storefront, which keeps pointing to Store Framework until you request a traffic split.

### Step 6 - Requesting the traffic split

> ⚠️ Before requesting the traffic split, make sure your FastStore storefront is fully ready to go live. If you developed on a second domain in the same account, confirm the production domain was added to WebOps in [Step 5](#step-5---adding-the-production-domain-to-webops). If you developed on a QA subaccount, make sure you've also recreated the CMS content and reinstalled the necessary apps in your main account, since none of that is carried over automatically.

Once you've completed the previous steps, open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support) at least five days before your planned migration date to request traffic splitting between Store Framework and FastStore.

> This gradual rollout allows you to slowly redirect users from the old store to the new one, run A/B tests with your analytics or testing tools, monitor performance, and ensure stability before going fully live on FastStore.

Reviewer: - Adicionar que sugerimos iniciar o teste com 0% indo para a fastore e mantendo 100% no IO para as validações finais. 

- Adicionar que, ao ativar o split, eles podem adicionar o parâmetro ab_test=vX na url para forçar a cair em cada versão. 
https://www.store.com/?ab_test=v1 → force the legacy version (Store Framework)
https://www.store.com/?ab_test=v2 → force the new version (FastStore)

- Esclarecer que, no split, para garantir que, quando um usuário cai em uma versão, seja mantido nessa versão e não fique sendo sorteado entre as duas, o split funciona gerando um cookie VtexStoreVersion com o valor v1 ou v2 segundo o sorteio. Esse cookie pode ser lido pelo GTM/GA para comparar as métricas das duas versões.

## Instructions

### Step 1 - Handling VTEX IO apps

Backend VTEX IO apps and integrations are fully compatible with FastStore. If you migrate within the same account, no action is needed — your existing backend apps keep running as is. If you migrate using a QA subaccount, reinstall the same backend apps in that subaccount before you start development.

Front-end VTEX IO components, on the other hand, aren't compatible with FastStore at all and must be recreated regardless of which account you use. Start by checking the [FastStore UI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index) catalog to see if a native component already covers your needs. If it doesn't, see [Developing and overriding UI components](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/developing-and-overriding-components-overview) to learn how to override native components or build entirely new sections to recreate your custom front-end elements.

### Step 2 - Recreating the storefront content

Recreate all necessary pages, components, and content in the [CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/cms-for-faststore-storefronts) for your FastStore project.

> > ℹ️ Content migration between Store Framework and FastStore CMS isn't supported, so plan enough time to recreate and review the content manually.

Reviewer 2: Aqui fiquei na dúvida, caso o lojista use Store Framework + hcms ou CMS qual deve ser o processo. Entendo que seria usar o projeto novo criado automaticamente pelo webops, mas seria bom validar pra deixarmos explícito

Author: Lojas Store Framework usam o [Site Editor](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/store-framework-working-with-site-editor) como CMS. Vou deixar mais explícito!

Confirm that all front-end third-party tools you reimplemented in the [previous step](#step-3---reimplementing-front-end-third-party-tools) are firing correctly on the FastStore domain.

> ℹ️ If you use a QA subaccount, it has its own Master Data, so the data used in tests is isolated from your live store. If you're testing on a second domain in the main account, be mindful that Master Data is shared with production.

### Step 5 - Adding the production domain to WebOps

Before requesting the traffic split, add your production domain to FastStore WebOps by following these steps:

1. In your VTEX Admin, go to **Storefront > FastStore WebOps**.
2. Navigate to the **Settings** tab.
3. In the **Production domain** card, select your production domain from the dropdown list under the **Host** section.
4. Click `Add`.

    ![adding-host-webops](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/docs/faststore/docs/go-live/adding-host-webops.png)

> ℹ️ Adding the domain doesn't change your live storefront, which keeps pointing to Store Framework until you request a traffic split.

### Step 6 - Requesting the traffic split

> > ⚠️ Before requesting the traffic split, make sure your FastStore storefront is fully ready to go live. If you developed on a second domain in the same account, confirm the production domain was added to WebOps in [Step 5](#step-5---adding-the-production-domain-to-webops). If you developed on a QA subaccount, make sure you've also recreated the CMS content and reinstalled the necessary apps in your main account, since none of that is carried over automatically.

Reviewer 2: Acho que vale um headsup lá em cima na tabela de decisao entre as duas abordagens de conta que, caso vc va usar QA Subaccount, depois o conteúdo de CMS precisará ser configurado la loja em prod

## Instructions

### Step 1 - Handling VTEX IO apps

Backend VTEX IO apps and integrations are fully compatible with FastStore. If you migrate within the same account, no action is needed — your existing backend apps keep running as is. If you migrate using a QA subaccount, reinstall the same backend apps in that subaccount before you start development.

Front-end VTEX IO components, on the other hand, aren't compatible with FastStore at all and must be recreated regardless of which account you use. Start by checking the [FastStore UI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index) catalog to see if a native component already covers your needs. If it doesn't, see [Developing and overriding UI components](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/developing-and-overriding-components-overview) to learn how to override native components or build entirely new sections to recreate your custom front-end elements.

### Step 2 - Recreating the storefront content

Recreate all necessary pages, components, and content in the [CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/cms-for-faststore-storefronts) for your FastStore project.

> > ℹ️ Content migration between Store Framework and FastStore Headless CMS (Legacy) or CMS isn't supported, so plan enough time to recreate and review the content manually.

Author: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Content migration between Store Framework [Site Editor](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/site-editor-overview) and FastStore [Headless CMS (Legacy)](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-overview) or [CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/getting-started-with-cms) isn't supported, so plan enough time to recreate and review the content manually.
```

Use the production-like domain you set up on your QA subaccount in [Step 3 - Set up your testing domain](#step-3-set-up-your-testing-domain) to run these tests.

Keep the following in mind when performing end-to-end tests:

- **Checkout:** If your checkout remains unchanged, focus this validation on the storefront-to-checkout transition and related authenticated flows. Placing real orders is usually unnecessary unless you specifically need to validate order creation behavior in the chosen environment.
- **Customized flows:** Because both storefronts share the same production domain during the traffic split, login redirects and links into the checkout panel generally continue to work without extra configuration, even if you have login or checkout UI customizations. Still, verify these flows in your test environment before requesting the split, since Store Framework allows extensive customization that can behave differently on a case-by-case basis.

> - **Header and footer:** Because the header and footer are shared between Store Framework and FastStore during the traffic split, verify that all header and footer links and experiences work consistently on both storefront versions before requesting the split. If your store has URLs unique to a single storefront, you may need to set up redirects to keep navigation consistent for shoppers across both versions. For instructions, see [Managing URL redirects](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-managing-url-redirects).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Header and footer:** Because the header and footer are shared between Store Framework and FastStore during the traffic split, verify that all header and footer links and experiences work consistently on both storefront versions before requesting the split. If your store has URLs unique to a single storefront, you may need to set up redirects to keep navigation consistent for shoppers across both versions. For instructions, see [Managing URLs with redirects and rewrite paths](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/routing-managing-urls-with-redirects-and-rewrite-paths).
```

---
title: "Migrating from Store Framework to FastStore"

> slug: "store-framework-to-faststore"

Reviewer 3: Ajustar slug de acordo com o título.

> slug: "store-framework-to-faststore"

Author: ```suggestion
slug: "migrating-store-framework-to-faststore"
```

> excerpt: "Learn how to migrate your storefront from Store Framework to FastStore, validate it end-to-end, and gradually move traffic before going live."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Migrate your storefront from Store Framework to FastStore, validate it end-to-end, and gradually move traffic before going live."
```

createdAt: "2026-07-17T00:00:00.000Z"
---

In this guide, you'll learn how to migrate your storefront from [Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/store-framework) to [FastStore](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore) using a [subaccount](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/managing-a-multistore).

> By the end, you'll know how to prepare both storefronts to run in parallel, validate the new storefront end-to-end and with real traffic, and complete the cutover.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By the end, you'll know how to prepare both storefronts to run in parallel, validate the new storefront end to end with real traffic, and complete the cutover.
```

| ----- | ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| Test environment | Not affected. | Set up an isolated QA subaccount for development and testing. For more details, see [Set up your test environment](#set-up-your-test-environment). |
| Edition App | Check the Edition App version and upgrade to `vtex.edition-store@5.x` if it's an older major. | FastStore requires `vtex.edition-store@5.x`. For more details, see [Step 1 - Check your Edition App version](#step-1-check-your-edition-app-versions). |
| Development | Remains live. No changes are made. | Develop the FastStore project and connect the repository to [FastStore WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/webops-dashboard). For more details, see [Step 2 - Create your FastStore project](#step-2-create-your-faststore-project). |
| Testing domain | Keeps serving the live domain. | Stand up a production-like test domain on the QA subaccount: Configure the subdomain in your DNS provider, add it to VTEX Account Settings, then to FastStore WebOps. For more details, see [Step 3 - Set up your testing domain](#step-3-set-up-your-testing-domain). |

> | VTEX IO apps | Map installed apps. | Backend apps are fully compatible: reinstall them in the QA subaccount. Front-end components aren't compatible and must be recreated. For more details, see [Step 4 - Handling VTEX IO apps](#step-4-handling-vtex-io-apps). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| VTEX IO apps | Map installed apps. | Backend apps are fully compatible: Reinstall them in the QA subaccount. Front-end components aren't compatible and must be recreated. For more details, see [Step 4 - Handling VTEX IO apps](#step-4-handling-vtex-io-apps). |
```

Reviewer 3: Para seguir o modelo de capitalização após dois pontos q vc usou na linha acima.

> | Content | [Site Editor](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/site-editor-overview) content remains as is. | Recreate storefront content by using [CMS for FastStore storefronts](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/cms-for-faststore-storefronts). For more details, see [Step 5 - Recreating the storefront content](#step-5-recreating-the-storefront-content). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Content | [Site Editor](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/site-editor-overview) content remains unchanged. | Recreate storefront content by using [CMS for FastStore storefronts](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/cms-for-faststore-storefronts). For more details, see [Step 5 - Recreating the storefront content](#step-5-recreating-the-storefront-content). |
```

| Front-end third-party tools | Remain as is. | Reimplement front-end tools (analytics, consent, heatmaps, etc.) and validate them during end-to-end testing. For more details, see [Step 6 - Reimplementing front-end third-party tools](#step-6-reimplementing-front-end-third-party-tools). |
| End-to-end validation | Keeps serving live traffic. | Validate the full shopper journey before requesting the traffic split. For more details, see [Step 7 - Validating end-to-end flows](#step-7-validating-end-to-end-flows). |

> | Production account setup | Remains live. Backend apps and Intelligent Search are already in place. | Recreate the FastStore-specific setup in your production account. For more details, see [Step 8 - Setting up FastStore in your production account](#step-8-setting-up-faststore-in-your-production-account). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Production account setup | Remains live. Back-end apps and Intelligent Search are already in place. | Recreate the FastStore-specific setup in your production account. For more details, see [Step 8 - Setting up FastStore in your production account](#step-8-setting-up-faststore-in-your-production-account). |
```

Reviewer 3: Como vc usou "front-end third party tools" antes, manter o paralelismo aqui. Ou front-end/back-end ou frontend/backend.

| Production domain | Keeps serving the live production domain. | Add the production domain to FastStore WebOps so FastStore is ready for cutover, but it still doesn't receive live traffic. For more details, see [Step 9 - Adding the production domain to WebOps](#step-9-adding-the-production-domain-to-webops). |

> | Traffic splitting | Shares live traffic with FastStore during the transition. | Gradually receives traffic, starting at 0%, until validated. For more details, see [Step 10 - Requesting the traffic split](#step-10-requesting-the-traffic-split). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Traffic splitting | Shares live traffic with FastStore during the transition. | Gradually receives traffic, starting at 0%, until fully validated. For more details, see [Step 10 - Requesting the traffic split](#step-10-requesting-the-traffic-split). |
```

If you still need to create the subaccount, see [Creating a multistore](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/managing-a-multistore#creating-a-multistore).

Keep the following in mind when working with a QA subaccount:

- **CMS content:** Content you register in the subaccount CMS is for testing only. It must be recreated a second time in the production account before go-live, since subaccount CMS content isn't copied over automatically. For more information, see [step 8](#step-8-setting-up-faststore-in-your-production-account).
- **Master Data:** Fully isolated from production, so it's safe for destructive tests and for placing test orders in a separate context.
- **Intelligent Search:** Requires reconfiguring merchandising rules, synonyms, and relevance settings, since a subaccount is a separate environment.

> - **VTEX IO apps:** Backend apps and integrations must be reinstalled in the subaccount before you start development.

Reviewer 3: Adotar o padrão definido anteriormente `Back-end`, ou então usar sempre Backend / Frontend.

> - **VTEX IO apps:** Backend apps and integrations must be reinstalled in the subaccount before you start development.

Author: ```suggestion
- **VTEX IO apps:** Back-end apps and integrations must be reinstalled in the subaccount before you start development.
```

> - **Edition App:** FastStore requires `vtex.edition-store@5.x`. Confirm your QA subaccount is set to this major before you start development, using the same procedure described in [Step 1 - Check your Edition App version](#step-1-check-your-edition-app-versions). If it's an older major, open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support) to upgrade the subaccount.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Edition App:** FastStore requires `vtex.edition-store@5.x`. Confirm your QA subaccount is set to this major before you start development, using the same procedure described in [Step 1 - Check your Edition App versions](#step-1-check-your-edition-app-versions). If it's an older major, open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support) to upgrade the subaccount.
```

> > ℹ️ Because development and content live in the subaccount while the cutover happens on your production account, plan for a step to connect the FastStore project and recreate the CMS content in the production account before requesting the traffic split. Backend apps and Intelligent Search are already in place there, as they are in your live storefront.

Reviewer 3: Garantir padrão em "Backend" apps.

> > ℹ️ Because development and content live in the subaccount while the cutover happens on your production account, plan for a step to connect the FastStore project and recreate the CMS content in the production account before requesting the traffic split. Backend apps and Intelligent Search are already in place there, as they are in your live storefront.

Author: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Because development and content live in the subaccount while the cutover happens on your production account, plan for a step to connect the FastStore project and recreate the CMS content in the production account before requesting the traffic split. Back-end apps and Intelligent Search are already in place there, as they are in your live storefront.
```

Once you complete the track, you'll have a GitHub repository connected to your QA subaccount that you can deploy through FastStore WebOps.

### Step 3 - Set up your testing domain

Set up a production-like domain on your QA subaccount so you can validate flows that require FastStore to run on a production domain. Follow the instructions in [Configuring external DNS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-1-configuring-external-dns) to:

1. Configure the subdomain in your DNS provider.
2. Add the domain to your QA subaccount in VTEX Account Settings.
3. Configure the domain and related URLs in your FastStore project.
4. Add the domain to FastStore WebOps.
5. Open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support) to request the migration of the production-like domain to FastStore WebOps as instructed in the external DNS guide.

When contacting VTEX Support, specify that the requests apply to the QA subaccount and that you're going to perform end-to-end tests to migrate your Store Framework storefront to FastStore.

> > ℹ️ You don't need to create new external DNS records for your actual production domain because it has already been configured when your Store Framework storefront went live. Before requesting the traffic split, you only need to add the existing production domain to FastStore WebOps, as described in [step 9](#step-9-adding-the-production-domain-to-webops).

Author: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Unlike the QA production-like domain configured in this step, your existing production domain doesn't require new external DNS records because they were already configured when your Store Framework storefront went live. Before requesting the traffic split, you only need to add the existing production domain to FastStore WebOps, as described in [step 9](#step-9-adding-the-production-domain-to-webops).
```

### Step 4 - Handling VTEX IO apps

> Start by taking an inventory of the VTEX IO apps installed in your Store Framework account, so you know which ones to reinstall or recreate in your QA subaccount.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start by inventorying the VTEX IO apps installed in your Store Framework account, so you know which ones to reinstall or recreate in your QA subaccount.
```

> Backend VTEX IO apps and integrations can generally be reused with FastStore. Reinstall the required apps in the QA subaccount and validate their account-specific settings and integrations before you start development.

Reviewer 3: Garantir que "Backend" esteja no padrão.

> Backend VTEX IO apps and integrations can generally be reused with FastStore. Reinstall the required apps in the QA subaccount and validate their account-specific settings and integrations before you start development.

Author: ```suggestion
Back-end VTEX IO apps and integrations can generally be reused with FastStore. Reinstall the required apps in the QA subaccount and validate their account-specific settings and integrations before you start development.
```

Front-end VTEX IO components, on the other hand, aren't compatible with FastStore at all and must be recreated. Start by checking the [FastStore UI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index) catalog to see if a native component already covers your needs. If it doesn't, see [Developing and overriding UI components](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/developing-and-overriding-components-overview) to learn how to override native components or build entirely new sections to recreate your custom front-end elements.

### Step 5 - Recreating the storefront content

Recreate all necessary pages, components, and content in the [CMS for FastStore storefronts](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/cms-for-faststore-storefronts).

> > ℹ️ Content migration between Store Framework Site Editor and FastStore CMS isn't supported, so plan enough time to recreate and review the content manually.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Content migration between Store Framework Site Editor and FastStore CMS isn't supported, so plan enough time to recreate and review the content manually.
```

Use the production-like domain you set up on your QA subaccount in [Step 3 - Set up your testing domain](#step-3-set-up-your-testing-domain) to run these tests.

Keep the following in mind when performing end-to-end tests:

- **Checkout and order placement:** If your checkout remains unchanged, focus this validation on the storefront-to-checkout transition and related authenticated flows. Placing real orders is usually unnecessary unless you specifically need to validate order creation behavior in the chosen environment.
- **Customized flows:** Because both storefronts share the same production domain during the traffic split, login redirects and links into the checkout panel generally continue to work without extra configuration, even if you have login or checkout UI customizations. Still, verify these flows in your test environment before requesting the split, since Store Framework allows extensive customization that can behave differently on a case-by-case basis.

> - **Checkout, Order Placed, and My Account navigation:** Checkout, Order Placed, and My Account use the existing VTEX IO theme and are shared by shoppers routed to either Store Framework or FastStore during the traffic split. Verify that their header, footer, and other navigation links point to URLs available in both storefronts. Prefer using the same URLs in both versions. When equivalent pages use different URLs, configure the redirect in the storefront where the original URL isn't available. See [Managing URL redirects](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-managing-url-redirects) for Store Framework and [Managing URLs with redirects and rewrite paths](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/routing-managing-urls-with-redirects-and-rewrite-paths) for FastStore.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Checkout, Order Placed, and My Account navigation:** Checkout, Order Placed, and My Account use the existing VTEX IO theme and are shared by customers routed to either Store Framework or FastStore during the traffic split. Verify that their header, footer, and other navigation links point to URLs available in both storefronts. Prefer using the same URLs in both versions. When equivalent pages use different URLs, configure the redirect in the storefront where the original URL isn't available. See [Managing URL redirects](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-managing-url-redirects) for Store Framework and [Managing URLs with redirects and rewrite paths](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/routing-managing-urls-with-redirects-and-rewrite-paths) for FastStore.
```

- **Third-party tools:** Confirm that all front-end third-party tools you reimplemented in the [previous step](#step-6-reimplementing-front-end-third-party-tools) are firing correctly on the FastStore domain.
- **Master Data:** Your QA subaccount has its own Master Data, so the data used in tests is isolated from your live store.

### Step 8 - Setting up FastStore in your production account

Your production account is your live Store Framework store, so its backend VTEX IO apps, integrations, and Intelligent Search configuration are already in place and shared with FastStore. You don't need to reinstall or reconfigure them. What's missing on production is the FastStore-specific setup that lived only in your QA subaccount: the connected project (code) and the FastStore CMS content.

The code isn't recreated. During FastStore onboarding, you can connect to the same project you developed for end-to-end tests. However, FastStore CMS content must be recreated, as it cannot be migrated automatically.

While your Store Framework storefront keeps serving live traffic, complete the following in your production account:

> 1. **Upgrade the Edition App:** Confirm your production account is set to `vtex.edition-store@5.x`, as described in [Step 1 - Check your Edition App version](#step-1-check-your-edition-app-versions). Since this is an account-wide operation on a live storefront, align the timing and post-change validation with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. **Upgrade the Edition App:** Confirm your production account is set to `vtex.edition-store@5.x`, as described in [Step 1 - Check your Edition App versions](#step-1-check-your-edition-app-versions). Since this is an account-wide operation on a live storefront, align the timing and post-change validation with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support).
```

Once you've completed the previous steps, open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support) at least five days before your planned migration date to request traffic splitting between Store Framework and FastStore.

When the split is enabled, we recommend starting with 0% of traffic routed to FastStore and 100% kept on Store Framework for final validations on the production domain. After confirming that routing, analytics, and critical flows are working as expected, gradually increase the FastStore share. This gradual rollout allows you to slowly redirect users from the old store to the new one, run A/B tests with your analytics or testing tools, monitor performance, and ensure stability before going fully live on FastStore.

After the split is active, you can force each storefront version for QA and debugging by adding the `ab_test` query parameter to the URL:

- To force the Store Framework version: `https://www.store.com/?ab_test=v1`
- To force the FastStore version: `https://www.store.com/?ab_test=v2`

> To keep the shopper experience consistent, VTEX persists the assigned storefront version in the `VtexStoreVersion` cookie, so the same shopper stays on the same variant rather than being re-randomized between the two versions on subsequent requests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To keep the customer experience consistent, VTEX persists the assigned storefront version in the `VtexStoreVersion` cookie, so the same shopper stays on the same variant rather than being re-randomized between the two versions on subsequent requests.
```

| Completion | Retired after a successful cutover. | Becomes the live storefront. |

## Instructions

### Step 1 - Auditing VTEX IO apps for compatibility

Each storefront technology manages its own VTEX IO app installations, permissions, and URLs. Some apps that work in Store Framework may need a custom integration or an alternative in FastStore. To prepare your apps for FastStore, follow these instructions:

1. Map all apps (`vendor.name` and current version) used by the Store Framework storefront.
2. Check the compatibility of each app with FastStore.
3. For incompatible apps, choose to build a custom integration, replace the app with an alternative, or remove it.
4. Document all current app settings, including secrets, API keys, and toggles.
5. Recreate the app settings in the FastStore storefront.
6. Review and update the permissions and policies required by each app.

>ℹ️ App data and app settings can't be transferred automatically between storefront technologies, so you must recreate them.

### Step 2 - Recreating the storefront content

> Recreate all necessary pages, components, and content in the [CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/cms-for-faststore-storefrontsw) for your FastStore project.

Author: ```suggestion
Recreate all necessary pages, components, and content in the [CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/cms-for-faststore-storefronts) for your FastStore project.
```
